Remove the single byte read/write inherent functions (#2915)
esp-rs/esp-hal: esp-hal/MIGRATING-0.22.md

+     .with_tx(peripherals.GPIO2);
```

> The `write_byte` and `read_byte` made private.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`write_byte` and `read_byte` are now private.
```

+     .with_tx(peripherals.GPIO2);
```

> `write_byte` and `read_byte` are now private.

Reviewer 2: Let's say they have been removed

- Command::Command1
+ Command::_1Bit
```

> The `write_byte` and `read_byte` was removed. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`write_byte` and `read_byte` were removed. 
```

> `driver.write_bytes(&[data])?` could be used.

Reviewer: I would either expand this with something like, you can use `write_bytes`/`read_bytes` as replacement or something like that, but saying that we "could use" `write_bytes` feels a bit short imho

+ Command::_1Bit
```

> `write_byte` and `read_byte` were removed and `write_bytes` and `read_bytes` can be used as replacement.

Reviewer 3: You could expand on this a little bit - like mentioning to use a one byte sized buffer and checking the returned length

+ Command::_1Bit
```

`write_byte` and `read_byte` were removed and `write_bytes` and `read_bytes` can be used as replacement.

e.g.

```rust
let mut byte = [0u8; 1];
spi.read_bytes(&mut byte);
```

> `driver.write_bytes(&[data])?` and `driver.read_bytes(&mut buffer)?`

Reviewer 2: What about them?

Author: Forgot to remove this line, removed now.
